Scrum Master (Ana): Bom dia, equipe! Vamos começar nossa daily.
Ana: João, pode começar compartilhando seu progresso?
João: Ontem finalizei a integração da API de pagamentos. Testes unitários foram executados com sucesso.
Ana: Ótimo! Algum impedimento?
João: Preciso de acesso ao ambiente de homologação para validar o fluxo completo.
Ana: Maria, consegue ajudar o João com isso?
Maria: Sim, vou liberar o acesso ainda hoje.
Ana: Thank you, Maria. Now, can you share your status?
Maria: Yesterday I fixed bugs in the registration module. Today I will review João's PR and start integration tests.
Ana: Any impediments, Maria?
Maria: No, everything is fine for now.
Ana: Pedro, your turn.
Pedro: I finished the sprint documentation. Today I will support the integration tests.
Ana: Any blockers, Pedro?
Pedro: No, no blockers.
Ana: Recapping: Maria will grant access to João, everyone is focused on integration tests today.
Ana: Any questions or extra points?
João: Nothing from my side.
Maria: All good.
Pedro: All good.
Ana: Obrigada, pessoal! Encerramos a daily.